.TH lariza.cfg 5 "2016-03-31" "lariza.cfg" "File Formats Manual"
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH NAME
lariza.cfg \- Lariza Web Browser configuration file
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB~/.config/lariza/lariza.cfg\fP
.P
\fBlariza\fP
(1) obtains configuration data from the following sources in the
following order:
.TP
\fB1.\fP
environment variables
.TP
\fB2.\fP
user's configuration file
.TP
\fB3.\fP
command-line options
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH DESCRIPTION
User's configuration file may contain the following keys:
.TP
\fBhome_uri\fP
An URI for the browser home page.
.TP
\fBdownload_dir\fP
An absolute locale path to your download folder.
.TP
\fBsave_cookies\fP
Must \fBlariza\fP(1) save cookies? Possible values are true or false

Default is false.
.TP
\fBcookies_policy\fP
Which behavior may follow \fBlariza\fP(1) regarding the cookies.
Value must be either "always", "never", or "no_third_party"

Default is "always".
.TP
\fBthrobber_base_file\fP
Base path to your throbber files. Setting this will deactivate progress
bar and put your throbber in place.

You must use two different files named as follow: prefix_static.png and
prefix.gif

You are free to use the prefix of your choice. Then, the base path to
put here will be: /absolute/path/to/your/files/prefix and lariza will
automagically expand it to
/absolute/path/to/your/files/prefix_static.png and
/absolute/path/to/your/files/prefix.gif
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR http://www.hyperrealm.com/libconfig/.